---
title: "Oxidize 1K: A Remote Conference"
permalink: /oxidize-1k/
---
<script src='https://js.tito.io/v1' async></script>


# The Pitch

We're hosting a remote-only conference for Embedded Rust Development on **Friday, March 20th at 17:00 CET/09:00 PDT**, running between 3 and 4 hours! We'll be hosting the event via [Zoom](https://zoom.us), and Speakers and Attendees are welcome from around the world, **no travel necessary**.

Interested in giving a talk? Check out the **[Call for Proposals]** here, it's open now!

Interested in joining the conference? **[Tickets]** are on sale now!

# The Details

We plan to offer some of the highlights of OxidizeConf, in a convenient remote package! **Oxidize 1K** means 10 * 10 * 10:

* **10 lightning talks** - all showcasing projects in Embedded Rust!
* **10 minutes for each talk** - No time for deep dives!
* **10 EUR tickets** - So everyone can attend!

<tito-widget event="ferrous-systems/oxidize-10-3"></tito-widget>

# A short schedule for a short conference

Here's the timeline for Oxidize 1K - no time for hesitation!

* **2020-03-13 (Friday) - [Call for Proposals] is open, and [Tickets] are on sale**
* **2020-03-16 (Monday) - Call for Proposals is closed**
* **2020-03-17 (Tuesday) - Speakers Announced**
* **2020-03-20 (Friday) - Oxidize 1K!**

[Call for Proposals]: https://cfp.oxidizeconf.com/events/oxidize-1k/
[Tickets]: https://ti.to/ferrous-systems/oxidize-10-3

# Questions and Answers

**Does this mean the main Oxidize Conference will be cancelled?** Nope! However due to the [Covid-19](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coronavirus_disease_2019) situation, we need to get creative. Going virtual or delaying the conference if necessary may be an option for Oxidize, but no decisions have been made yet.

**What does the money go towards?** The ticket sales for Oxidize 1K go towards infrastructure costs, as well as the ability to potentially reimburse speakers for necessary equipment.

**Can my company sponsor Oxidize 1k?** - Sure! [Send us a message](mailto:oxidize@ferrous-systems.com), and we're happy to discuss.

**Can I talk about non-embedded subjects?** Your talk should be relevant to Rust and embedded, but that's all.

**What setup do I need to speak?** A video camera and a microphone. Headset or Laptop is fine. We may be able to reimburse for minimal speaker equipment, depending on sales.

Have any other questions? [Send us a message!](mailto:oxidize@ferrous-systems.com)
